hi I'm Erin Crawford with Brower
mechanical your heating and air
conditioning experts and today I want to
say thank you for allowing us to come
out to your home to maintain and tune up
your system let me tell you a little bit
about who we are for our mechanical has
been around for 30 years in the
Sacramento area serving people just like
you we specialize in total home comfort
and performance we're licensed and
bonded and all of our guys are factory
trained we're available 24 hours a day 7
days a week 365 days out of the year one
thing that's great is all of our service
guys have a fully stocked truck very
very important so why is maintaining
your system very important to you well
it is because when you think about it
heating air conditioning systems they
have the way of breaking down when you
need it most and that's when it's really
hot outside or really cold outside so
maintaining your system what that's
going to do is going to help avoid those
costly breakdowns it's going to get it
clean get it all ready to go okay not
only is it going to take care of those
breakdowns but just the inconvenience if
your system goes down when it's you know
you got everybody over at fourth of July
or things like that the system goes down
very inconvenient so maintaining your
system can prevent those things it also
protect and prolong the system life
let's say you have a 10 year old unit
and you're not the kind of that
crossroad of do I want to replace it you
want to put money into repairing it
invest in maintaining your system get a
couple years of life out of your system
reduces energy costs very very important
a clean system runs more efficiently
energy star says that about fifty
percent of our total utility bill is
tied to heating and cooling so it
definitely pays off to have a nice clean
maintained system it also enhances your
comfort all that clog dirt out of your
filter allow that system to breathe
allow that air to get all the way back
in those far reaches of your home to
really condition that space we're
talking about your home so we want you
to be comfortable there it improves the
air quality maybe you got people in the
home that's up from asthma allergies
things like that you know a clean system
is a fresh system so we want you to be
able to breathe easier as well and it
ensures safe operation think about we're
talking about gas appliances and high
voltage electricity so if there's any
safety concerns you want to look at
every
you want a guy getting their hands dirty
and getting in there and say you know
what your family is going to be safe
running this evening in air conditioning
system if you think about it it's kind
of like a car what is the last time you
went on a road trip whether to LA or to
Las Vegas or wherever you're going what
do you do before you get on that trip
will you check the oil pressure you
check the the window wiper fluid you
know the maybe kick the tires around and
things like that get your get your car
ready to go on that trip and that's what
you want to do with your heating and air
conditioning system if you know summer
is right around the corner or winter is
right around the corner make sure that
your wiper fluid is good on your system
make sure everything's running great
before you start to really use that
system what a lot of our customers do is
they invest and what we call an RSA
agreement it's one of our maintenance
plans let me share with you some of the
benefits of being one of our priefer
maintenance of maintenance customers
what it is is instead of you calling us
we're actually going to call you we're
going to call you because your
appointments are pre-scheduled so in the
fall on in the spring you'll be getting
a call from us and saying hey time for
us to come out and clean your system
we're going to do a 20 point inspection
on the heating and the cooling system
we're also going to give you an annual
duct and into our quality inspection so
if there are some concerns that you have
with airflow or comfort and things like
that we'll get up in the attic or
underneath your house and check
everything out for you we're going to
give you what we call priority frontline
service very very important think of
that hot hot day how many phone calls
you think we get as a company well
you're going to be at the top of that
list should you need us to come out and
service your equipment we guarantee the
response time you're not going to have
to wait two or three days for us to come
out and take care of a concern we're
going to be out there right right away
the reason why is because you are one of
those frontal on customers for us we're
also going to waive any diagnostic fees
how many times have you taken your car
to the shop and say hey before I can
tell you what's wrong I need a hundred
bucks to check it out was a maintenance
agreement customer we're going to
diagnose your system at no charge at all
we're also going to give you a
15-percent discount on any repairs that
you have heck will give you a ten
percent discount on any things that you
might want to purchase like better
indoor quality or even maybe look at
some options on our place
your equipment as well we're going to
give you a membership to our filter
program changing your filter out is so
important one of the few things that you
guys can do to your system on a regular
basis that really takes care of the
comfort in the efficiency of your system
so we're going to give you a year supply
of our filters when you sign up for one
of our maintenance agreements another
thing is that inflation protection think
about it what we pay today is not what
we're going to pay in the next few years
when we pay for gas ten years ago you
know we were down there but you know a
dollar a gallon two dollars a gallon
we'll look at what we're at right now
it's the same thing with maintaining
your system we're going to lock you in
at today's prices and they're fully
transferable so let's say you move you
sell your house you give your son to a
or you give your house to a son or a
daughter all of our programs are fully
transferable and you got 33 plans to
choose from we have the signature plan
the preferred plan and actually the
select plan so I'll have my guy talking
about the benefits of each each plan so
I think one of them is definitely going
to fit for you guys so when we come out
to your home will explain this to you
we're going to take a look at your
system we're going to have a
conversation right out of the gate
making sure that if you have any
concerns just tell us what's going on
give us some history if this is our
first time visiting with you this is our
first time in your home let us know if
you have any concerns so that we can
really give you the best service that
you deserve okay so typically our
maintenances take about an hour to an
hour and a half hopefully you'll enjoy
our service if you do maybe look into
one of these RC maintenance agreements
again this is aaron Crawford with brown
mechanical we appreciate the opportunity